Objective:
The aim of Dai Di is to get rid all of all the cards in your hand by constantly one-upping your opponents with cards played singly or in certain poker combinations (2 cards, 3 cards, or 5 cards).

Rules:
The value of each card or combination comes from the numerical of the card(s) used, as well as their suits. The cards of the smallest value are the 3s, followed by the 4s, and so on and so forth till the picture cards. Then, it’s the Aces, followed by the 2s. The suits ascend in value in the following order: diamonds, clubs, hearts, and spades. Therefore, the weakest card in the game would be the 3 of diamonds, and the strongest is the 2 of spades.

Starting a game:
13 cards are drawn by each player. The player with the weakest card (3 of diamonds) starts the round by playing it (either singly or with whatever combination it can make) Said player also determines the number of cards each player must play during that round – if the first player plays with only one card, all other players must play with one card; if the first player plays with a combination, all other players must play with the number of cards in that combination.

Playing a turn:
The other players take turns clock-wise to climb above the value of the previous card(s) that were put down by their opponents. If a player is unable to beat a card or combination, they may pass the turn over to the next player.

If everyone has passed your card/combination:
Once all players pass, the player who put the unbeatable card or combination starts a new round with whatever they choose.

Combinations:
Two cards (pair): To play a two-card combination, cards of the same numerical must be paired together (for example, a four of clubs and a four of hearts). To beat such a hand, another pair of a stronger value must be played – this includes a four pair with a stronger suit (four of spades and four of diamonds), or any pair with a higher numerical value.

Three cards (triplet): To play a three-card combination, you will need three cards of the same numerical to be grouped together. An example is a five of diamonds, five of hearts, and a five of spades. To beat such a hand, another triplet of a higher numerical must be played.

Straight: A Straight consists of five cards arranged in consecutive numerical order, whereby the suits do not matter. An example of such a hand would be a seven of clubs, eight of hearts, nine of diamonds, 10 of spades, and a Jack of diamonds.

Flush: A Flush consists of five cards of any numerical, but all with the same suit. An example of such a hand would be a three of hearts, five of hearts, eight of hearts, 10 of hearts, and Queen of hearts.

Full House: A Full House consists of five cards made-up of a triplet and a pair. An example would be three fives and a pair of eights.

Four of a Kind: A Four of a Kind consists of five cards made-up of four cards of the same number, plus any other card. An example would be four sixes and a nine.

Straight-Flush: A Straight-Flush constitutes of five cards arranged in consecutive order with the same suit. An example would be a six of clubs, seven of clubs, eight of clubs, nine of clubs, and 10 of clubs.

Among the 5 card combinations, the order of strength is as follows:
Straight-Flush > Four of a kind > Full House > Flush > Straight 